Adding explicit docs for rows, columns variables (#219)
CitrineInformatics/citrine-python: docs/source/data_extraction.rst

Defining row and columns
------------------------

> A Row object describes a mapping from a list of datasets to rows of a table by selecting a set of Material Histories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A RowDefinition object describes a mapping from a list of datasets to rows of a table by selecting a set of Material Histories.
```

Defining row and columns
------------------------

A Row object describes a mapping from a list of datasets to rows of a table by selecting a set of Material Histories.

> Each Material History corresponds to exactly one row, though the Material Histories may overlap such that the same objects contribute data to multiple rows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each Material History corresponds to exactly one row, though the Material Histories may overlap such that the same objects contribute data to multiple rows.
For example, the material histories of distinct Material Runs will map to exactly two rows even if their histories are identical up to the Process Run of their final baking step.
```

Author: Process Run only has a single output_material, so this example is not possible.

Reviewer: " up to the Process Run of their final baking step" i.e. the Process Runs differ.

Reviewer: Updated suggestion to be clearer.

         preview_roots = [
               LinkByUID(scope="products", id="best cookie ever"),
               LinkByUID(scope="products", id="worst cookie ever")])

Available Row Definitions
------------------------------

Currently, Ara provides only a single way to define Rows: by the :class:`~taurus.entity.templates.MaterialTemplate` of the roots of the material histories that correspond to each row.

:class:`~citrine.ara.rows.MaterialRunByTemplate`
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The :class:`~citrine.ara.rows.MaterialRunByTemplate` class defines Rows through a list of :class:`~taurus.entity.templates.MaterialTemplate`.

> Every :class:`~taurus.entity.object.MaterialRun` that is assigned to any template in the list is used as the root of a Row.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every :class:`~taurus.entity.object.MaterialRun` that is assigned to any template in the list is used as the root of a  Material History to be mapped to a Row.
```

Reviewer: Writing about this makes me realize that `Row` is a bit of an awkward name because it conjures an impression of a singular entity in a table. What about renaming to `RowMapper` or something to that effect?

Author: How would you define a `RowMapper`?

Reviewer: "A RowMapper object describes a mapping from a list of datasets to rows of a table by selecting a set of Material Histories."

Author: As an alternative to `RowDefinition`?

This is helpful when the rows correspond to classes of materials that are defined through their templates.
For example, there could be a :class:`~taurus.entity.templates.MaterialTemplate` called "Cake" that is used in all
of the cakes and another called "Brownies" that is used in all of the brownies.
By including one or both of those templates, you can define a table of Cakes, Brownies, or both.

Available Variable Definitions
------------------------------------------

> There are several ways to define variables that take their value from Attributes and fields in GEMD objects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are several ways to define variables that take their values from Attributes and fields in GEMD objects.
```

* Attributes

  * :class:`~citrine.ara.variables.AttributeByTemplate`: for when the attribute occurs once per material history
  * :class:`~citrine.ara.variables.AttributeByTemplateAndObjectTemplate`: for when the attributes are distinguished by the object that they are contained in

>   * :class:`~citrine.ara.variables.AttributeByTemplateAfterProcess`: for when measurements are distinguished by the process that they are performed *after*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * :class:`~citrine.ara.variables.AttributeByTemplateAfterProcess`: for when measurements are distinguished by the process that precedes them
```

  * :class:`~citrine.ara.variables.IngredientQuantityByProcessAndName`: for the specific case of the volume fraction, mass fraction, number fraction, or absolute quantity of an ingredient

* Fields

  * :class:`~citrine.ara.variables.RootInfo`: for fields defined on the material at the root of the Material History, like the name of the material
  * :class:`~citrine.ara.variables.RootIdentifier`: for the id of the Material History, which can be used as a unique identifier for the rows

>   * :class:`~citrine.ara.variables.IngredientIdentifierByProcessTemplateAndName`: for the id of the material being used in an ingredient, which can be used as a pointer or foreign key

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * :class:`~citrine.ara.variables.IngredientIdentifierByProcessTemplateAndName`: for the id of the material being used in an ingredient, which can be used as a key for looking up that input material
```

>   * :class:`~citrine.ara.variables.IngredientLabelByProcessAndName`: for whether or not an ingredient is assigned a label

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * :class:`~citrine.ara.variables.IngredientLabelByProcessAndName`: for a boolean that indicates whether an ingredient is assigned a given label
```

Available Column Definitions
-----------------------------------------------

There are several ways to define columns, depending on the type of the attribute that is being used as the data source for the column.

* Numeric attributes values, like :class:`~taurus.entity.continuous_value.ContinuousValue` and :class:`~taurus.entity.integer_value.IntegerValue`

 * :class:`~citrine.ara.columns.MeanColumn`: for the mean value of the numeric distribution
 * :class:`~citrine.ara.columns.StdDevColumn`: for the standard deviation of the numeric distribution, or empty if the value is *nominal*
 * :class:`~citrine.ara.columns.QuantileColumn`: for a user-defined quantile of the numeric distribution, or empty if the value is *nominal*

>  * :class:`~citrine.ara.columns.OriginalUnitsColumn`: for getting the data author entered units from the specific attribute value, for continuous values only

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * :class:`~citrine.ara.columns.OriginalUnitsColumn`: for getting the units, as entered by the data author, from the specific attribute value; valid for continuous values only
```
